Provide kafka as collector/reporter (#4847)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/How-to-enable-kafka-reporter.md

> # How to enable Kafka Reporter

Reviewer: This doc has not been linked from `java-agent/README.md`. It should be a separate section after `## Advanced Features`

```markdown
## Advanced Reporters
* Use Kafka to transport the traces, JVM metrics, instance properties, and profiled snapshots to the backend. Read the [doc](How-to-enable-kafka-reporter.md) for more details.
```

> The Kafka reporter plugin support to report Tracing, JVM Metric data, Instance Properties, and Profiling to Kafka Broker, which is disabled in default. We move the jar of the plugin from `optional-reporter-plugins` to `reporter-plugins` for activating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka reporter plugin support report traces, JVM metrics, Instance Properties, and profiled snapshots to Kafka cluster, which is disabled in default. Move the jar of the plugin from `optional-reporter-plugins` to `reporter-plugins` for activating.
```

Notice, currently, the agent still needs to configure GRPC receiver for delivering the task of profiling. In other words, the following configure cannot be omitted.

```properties
# Backend service addresses.
collector.backend_service=${SW_AGENT_COLLECTOR_BACKEND_SERVICES:127.0.0.1:11800}

# Kafka producer configuration
plugin.kafka.bootstrap_servers=${SW_KAFKA_BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS:localhost:9092}
plugin.kafka.consumer_config[delivery.timeout.ms]=12000
```

> Kafka reporter plugin support to customize all configurations of listed in [here](http://kafka.apache.org/24/documentation.html#producerconfigs).

Reviewer: After this, you should add.

After you activated the Kafka reporter, you need to open [Kafka fetcher] (link to the fetcher doc) at the OAP side.
